Advanced Template documentation (#2645)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/advtemplate_move_category_items.adoc

[[advtemplate_move_category_items]]
== `advtemplate_move_category_items`

> This option moves Template categories to a different Template category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option moves all Templates in one category to a different Template category.
```
